Mongrel2-Transceiver is distributed under the GNU General Public License version
3 and is also available under alternative licenses negotiated directly with Web
Heroes Inc.  If you obtained Mongrel2-Transceiver under the GPL, then the GPL
applies to all Mongrel2-Transceiver modules used on your system as well, except
as defined below. The GPL (version 3) is included in this source tree in the
file COPYING.

Web Heroes Inc. holds copyright and/or sufficient licenses to all components of
the Mongrel2-Transceiver package, and therefore can grant, at its sole
discretion, the ability for companies, individuals, or organizations to create
proprietary or Open Source (even if not GPL) modules which may use at runtime
the portions of Mongrel2-Transceiver which fall under our copyright/license
umbrella, or are distributed under more flexible licenses than GPL.

If you wish to use our code in other GPL programs, don't worry -- there is no
requirement that you provide the same exception in your GPL'd products (although
if you've written a module for Mongrel2-Transceiver we would strongly encourage
you to make the same exception that we do).

In addition, Mongrel2-Transceiver implements many other communications
protocols.  It is our belief that applications using these protocols to manage
or control a Mongrel2-Transceiver instance do not have to be licensed under the
GPL or a compatible license, as we believe these protocols do not create a
'derivative work' as referred to in the GPL.  However, should any court or other
judiciary body find that these protocols do fall under the terms of the GPL,
then we hereby grant you a license to use these protocols in combination with
Mongrel2-Transceiver in external applications licensed under any license you
wish.

If you have any questions regarding our licensing policy, please contact us:

+1.780.920.5571
contact@webheroes.ca

Web Heroes Inc.
18354 - 118 Avenue NW
Edmonton, AB
Canada T5S 2G2
